Add rolling CFR (#49)
epiverse-trace/datadelay: README.Rmd

)
```

> ### Change in overall severity estimate over the 1976 Ebola outbreak

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Change in real-time estimates of overall severity during the 1976 Ebola outbreak
```

> In this example we show how the severity estimate can change as more data on the outbreak becomes available, using the function `estimate_rolling()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example we show how the estimate of overall severity can change as more data on cases and deaths over time becomes available, using the function `estimate_rolling()`. Because there is a delay from onset-to-death, a simple 'naive' calculation that just divides deaths-to-date by cases-to-date will underestimate severity. The `estimate_rolling()` function uses the `estimate_severity()` adjustment to account for delays, and instead compares deaths-to-date with cases-with-known-outcome-to-date.
```

> This example shows how the rolling estimate converges to the overall static estimate towards the end of the outbreak.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how the adjusted estimate converges to 'naive' estimate as the outbreak declines, and hence a larger and large proportion of cases have known outcomes.
```
